README.md, before:

# xc_https_waf
This repository uses HashiCorp's Terraform to deploy an application on to F5 Distributed Cloud's Regional Edges using a HTTP load balancer and optionally an App Firewall. 

##  Requirements:
* Terraform v0.12+
* Volterra Provider currently v0.11.7

## Creating a Distributed Cloud API Credential P12 file
* Click on Administration 
* Click Credentials under Personal Management 
* Click Add Credentials
    * Enter a name for your credentials
    * Select API Certificate under Credential Type
    * Enter a password
    * Select an expiration date (maximum of 90 days)
    * Click Download

## Setting up Volterra provider
* Create the following environment variables 
    * VOLT_API_P12_FILE - This provides path to the Credential P12 file you just created
    * VOLT_API_URL - The URL to the Distributed Cloud API 
    * VES_P12_PASSWORD - The password of the P12 file
 
````bash
    export VOLT_API_URL='https://<your-tenant-name>.ves.volterra.io/api'
    export VOLT_API_P12_FILE='/home/ubuntu/myp12file.p12'
    export VES_P12_PASSWORD='password'
````

## Run terraform. If you have not updated the variables.tf file with your xcTenant and demoNameSpace, define those variables at the cmd line:
````bash
terraform init
terraform plan -var custName=customer -var originFQDN=www.customer.com -var xcTenant=<your-tenant-name> -var demoNameSpace=<your-namespace>
terraform apply -var custName=customer -var originFQDN=www.customer.com -var xcTenant=<your-tenant-name> -var demoNameSpace=<your-namespace>
````

## Create and enable an Application Firewall by setting the variable **disableWAF** to __false__
````bash 
terraform apply -var custName=customer -var originFQDN=www.customer.com -var xcTenant=<your-tenant-name> -var demoNameSpace=<your-namespace> -var disableWAF=false
````

Commit message:

Adding functionality for service policies - service policy can be custom (create new), namespace, or none - default custom service policy will block OFAC sanctioned countries

README.md, after:

# xc_https_waf
This repository uses HashiCorp's Terraform to deploy an application on to F5 Distributed Cloud's Regional Edges using a HTTP load balancer and optionally an App Firewall. 

##  Requirements:
* Terraform v0.12+
* Volterra Provider currently v0.11.7

## Creating a Distributed Cloud API Credential P12 file
* Click on Administration 
* Click Credentials under Personal Management 
* Click Add Credentials
    * Enter a name for your credentials
    * Select API Certificate under Credential Type
    * Enter a password
    * Select an expiration date (maximum of 90 days)
    * Click Download

## Setting up Volterra provider
* Create the following environment variables 
    * VOLT_API_P12_FILE - This provides path to the Credential P12 file you just created
    * VOLT_API_URL - The URL to the Distributed Cloud API 
    * VES_P12_PASSWORD - The password of the P12 file
 
````bash
    export VOLT_API_URL='https://<your-tenant-name>.console.ves.volterra.io/api'
    export VOLT_API_P12_FILE='/home/ubuntu/myp12file.p12'
    export VES_P12_PASSWORD='password'
````

## Run terraform. 
If you have not updated the variables.tf file with your xcTenant and demoNameSpace, define those variables at the cmd line:
````bash
terraform init
terraform plan -var custName=customer -var originFQDN=www.customer.com -var xcTenant=<your-tenant-name> -var demoNameSpace=<your-namespace>
terraform apply -var custName=customer -var originFQDN=www.customer.com -var xcTenant=<your-tenant-name> -var demoNameSpace=<your-namespace>
````

## Create and enable an Application Firewall
Set the variable **disableWAF** to __false__
````bash 
terraform apply -var custName=customer -var originFQDN=www.customer.com -var xcTenant=<your-tenant-name> -var demoNameSpace=<your-namespace> -var disableWAF=false
````
## Create and enable a Service Policy
The Service Policy defined will block sources by country
Set the variable **servicePolicyType** to "custom"
````bash 
terraform apply -var custName=customer -var originFQDN=www.customer.com -var xcTenant=<your-tenant-name> -var demoNameSpace=<your-namespace> -var disableWAF=false -var servicePolicyType=custom
````
